site/index.md, before:

---
layout: wide
---
### Quality Control
#### FastQC Output
[FastQC] is quality control tool that can point to certain biases that represent contamination. Be aware, the report may reflect inherent biases in the RNA-Seq experiment.
> [`MUSCLE_KO_1`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_002.R_2013_11_26_13_55_09_user_1PR-8-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_KO_2`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_004.R_2013_11_26_20_48_53_user_1PR-9-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_KO_3`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_006.R_2013_12_04_09_37_33_1PR-10-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome_76303.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_KO_4`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_008.R_2013_12_06_12_45_12_user_1PR-11-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_WT_1`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_001.R_2013_11_26_13_55_09_user_1PR-8-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_WT_2`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_003.R_2013_11_26_20_48_53_user_1PR-9-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_WT_3`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_005.R_2013_12_04_09_37_33_1PR-10-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome_76303.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_WT_4`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_007.R_2013_12_06_12_45_12_user_1PR-11-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_KO_1`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_010.R_2013_12_19_16_11_21_user_1PR-13-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_KO_2`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_012.R_2013_12_18_20_25_40_user_1PR-12-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_KO_3`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_014.R_2013_12_20_12_50_23_user_1PR-14-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_KO_4`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_016.R_2013_12_21_20_34_59_user_1PR-15-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_WT_1`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_009.R_2013_12_19_16_11_21_user_1PR-13-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_WT_2`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_011.R_2013_12_18_20_25_40_user_1PR-12-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_WT_3`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_013.R_2013_12_20_12_50_23_user_1PR-14-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_WT_4`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_015.R_2013_12_21_20_34_59_user_1PR-15-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)


		
#### RNA-SeQC Output
[RNA-SeQC](http://bioinformatics.oxfordjournals.org/content/28/11/1530.long) produces extensive metrics for RNA-Seq runs. Not all of the sections will apply to the Ion Proton protocol.
Most interesting might be the rRNA rate in the multisample [summary document](RNASEQC_DIR/countMetrics.html).
> [RNA-SeQC home](RNASEQC_INDEX)

> [RNA-SeQC reports](RNASEQC_DIR+'countMetrics.html')

> [RNA-SeQC reports](RNASEQC_DIR+'report.html')

### HT-Seq Counts
> [Raw HT-Seq Counts](raw_counts.tab.txt)

> [ERCC Spike-in Normalized Counts](normalized_counts.tab.txt)

### Differential expression analysis report and significantly DE gene tables
> [diffExp.pdf](diffExp.pdf)

> [muscleResults.csv](muscleResults.csv)

> [heartResults.csv](heartResults.csv)

### Gene Ontology Enrichment
GO is divided into domains of cellular component, molecular function, and biological process.

The "up" and "down" tables test the model that ANT1 is overexpressing/underexpressing all genes in a geneset associated with a GO term relative to B6ME. The same GO terms are in both files.

This describes the tables included in this GAGE output.

Column    | Description
----------|------------
p.geomean | geometric mean of the individual p-values from multiple single array based gene set tests
stat.mean | mean of the individual statistics from multiple single array based gene set tests. Normally, its absoluate value measures the magnitude of gene-set level changes, and its sign indicates direction of the changes.
p.val     | global p-value or summary of the individual p-values from multiple single array based gene set tests. This is the default p-value being used.
q.val     | FDR q-value adjustment of the global p-value using the Benjamini & Hochberg procedure implemented in multtest package. This is the default q-value being used.
set.size  | the effective gene set size, i.e. the number of genes included in the gene set test
>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.biological_process.up.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.biological_process.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.biological_process.down.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.biological_process.down.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.cellular_component.up.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.cellular_component.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.cellular_component.down.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.cellular_component.down.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.molecular_function.up.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.molecular_function.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.molecular_function.down.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.molecular_function.down.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.biological_process.up.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.biological_process.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.biological_process.down.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.biological_process.down.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.cellular_component.up.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.cellular_component.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.cellular_component.down.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.cellular_component.down.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.molecular_function.up.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.molecular_function.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.molecular_function.down.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.molecular_function.down.csv)


### Using BigWig Tracks in UCSC Genome Browser
Go to [http://genome.ucsc.edu/cgi-bin/hgCustom](http://genome.ucsc.edu/cgi-bin/hgCustom), make sure mm10 is selected, and copy-paste one or more of these into the URL field.
> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_KO_1 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=141,211,199 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_002.R_2013_11_26_13_55_09_user_1PR-8-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_KO_2 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=255,255,179 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_004.R_2013_11_26_20_48_53_user_1PR-9-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_KO_3 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=190,186,218 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_006.R_2013_12_04_09_37_33_1PR-10-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome_76303.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_KO_4 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=251,128,114 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_008.R_2013_12_06_12_45_12_user_1PR-11-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_WT_1 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=128,177,211 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_001.R_2013_11_26_13_55_09_user_1PR-8-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_WT_2 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=253,180,98 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_003.R_2013_11_26_20_48_53_user_1PR-9-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_WT_3 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=179,222,105 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_005.R_2013_12_04_09_37_33_1PR-10-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome_76303.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_WT_4 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=252,205,229 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_007.R_2013_12_06_12_45_12_user_1PR-11-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_KO_1 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=217,217,217 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_010.R_2013_12_19_16_11_21_user_1PR-13-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_KO_2 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=188,128,189 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_012.R_2013_12_18_20_25_40_user_1PR-12-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_KO_3 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=204,235,197 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_014.R_2013_12_20_12_50_23_user_1PR-14-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_KO_4 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=255,237,111 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_016.R_2013_12_21_20_34_59_user_1PR-15-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_WT_1 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=190,174,212 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_009.R_2013_12_19_16_11_21_user_1PR-13-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_WT_2 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=253,192,134 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_011.R_2013_12_18_20_25_40_user_1PR-12-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_WT_3 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=56,108,176 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_013.R_2013_12_20_12_50_23_user_1PR-14-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_WT_4 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=191,91,23 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_015.R_2013_12_21_20_34_59_user_1PR-15-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```


### Code repository
Code used to generate this analysis is located here [http://github.research.chop.edu/BiG/martin-ant1-rnaseq](http://github.research.chop.edu/BiG/martin-ant1-rnaseq). Feel free to reuse.

### Git hash
This should match the hash index on the last page of your report.
```8c25582ea529725613edf2705fe39b826de3ffaf```

Last modified ```2014-02-03 06:34:09```

Commit message:

spun off topGo and GAGE into separate reports

site/index.md, after:

---
layout: wide
---
### Quality Control
#### FastQC Output
[FastQC] is quality control tool that can point to certain biases that represent contamination. Be aware, the report may reflect inherent biases in the RNA-Seq experiment.
> [`MUSCLE_KO_1`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_002.R_2013_11_26_13_55_09_user_1PR-8-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_KO_2`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_004.R_2013_11_26_20_48_53_user_1PR-9-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_KO_3`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_006.R_2013_12_04_09_37_33_1PR-10-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome_76303.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_KO_4`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_008.R_2013_12_06_12_45_12_user_1PR-11-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_WT_1`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_001.R_2013_11_26_13_55_09_user_1PR-8-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_WT_2`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_003.R_2013_11_26_20_48_53_user_1PR-9-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_WT_3`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_005.R_2013_12_04_09_37_33_1PR-10-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome_76303.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`MUSCLE_WT_4`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_007.R_2013_12_06_12_45_12_user_1PR-11-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_KO_1`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_010.R_2013_12_19_16_11_21_user_1PR-13-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_KO_2`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_012.R_2013_12_18_20_25_40_user_1PR-12-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_KO_3`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_014.R_2013_12_20_12_50_23_user_1PR-14-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_KO_4`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_016.R_2013_12_21_20_34_59_user_1PR-15-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_WT_1`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_009.R_2013_12_19_16_11_21_user_1PR-13-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_WT_2`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_011.R_2013_12_18_20_25_40_user_1PR-12-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_WT_3`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_013.R_2013_12_20_12_50_23_user_1PR-14-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)

> [`HEART_WT_4`]({{ site.baseurl }}/fastqc/IonXpressRNA_015.R_2013_12_21_20_34_59_user_1PR-15-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.trimmed_fastqc/fastqc_report.html)


		
#### RNA-SeQC Output
[RNA-SeQC](http://bioinformatics.oxfordjournals.org/content/28/11/1530.long) produces extensive metrics for RNA-Seq runs. Not all of the sections will apply to the Ion Proton protocol.
Most interesting might be the rRNA rate in the multisample [summary document](RNASEQC_DIR/countMetrics.html).
> [RNA-SeQC home](RNASEQC_INDEX)

> [RNA-SeQC reports](RNASEQC_DIR+'countMetrics.html')

> [RNA-SeQC reports](RNASEQC_DIR+'report.html')

### HT-Seq Counts
> [Raw HT-Seq Counts](raw_counts.tab.txt)

> [ERCC Spike-in Normalized Counts](normalized_counts.tab.txt)

### Differential expression analysis report and significantly DE gene tables
> [diffExp.pdf](diffExp.pdf)

> [muscleResults.csv](muscleResults.csv)

> [heartResults.csv](heartResults.csv)

### GAGE
GAGE was used to generate GO and KEGG pathway analysis using a ranked list analysis (read counts are taken into consideration)

#### Gene Ontology with GAGE
GO is divided into domains of cellular component, molecular function, and biological process.

The "up" and "down" tables test the model that ANT1 is overexpressing/underexpressing all genes in a geneset associated with a GO term relative to B6ME. The same GO terms are in both files.

This describes the tables included in this GAGE output.

Column    | Description
----------|------------
p.geomean | geometric mean of the individual p-values from multiple single array based gene set tests
stat.mean | mean of the individual statistics from multiple single array based gene set tests. Normally, its absoluate value measures the magnitude of gene-set level changes, and its sign indicates direction of the changes.
p.val     | global p-value or summary of the individual p-values from multiple single array based gene set tests. This is the default p-value being used.
q.val     | FDR q-value adjustment of the global p-value using the Benjamini & Hochberg procedure implemented in multtest package. This is the default q-value being used.
set.size  | the effective gene set size, i.e. the number of genes included in the gene set test
>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.biological_process.up.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.biological_process.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.biological_process.down.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.biological_process.down.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.cellular_component.up.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.cellular_component.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.cellular_component.down.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.cellular_component.down.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.molecular_function.up.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.molecular_function.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.molecular_function.down.csv](GAGE/GO.heart.ant1.molecular_function.down.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.biological_process.up.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.biological_process.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.biological_process.down.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.biological_process.down.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.cellular_component.up.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.cellular_component.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.cellular_component.down.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.cellular_component.down.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.molecular_function.up.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.molecular_function.up.csv)

>[GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.molecular_function.down.csv](GAGE/GO.muscle.ant1.molecular_function.down.csv)


###@ KEGG Pathway Enrichment with GAGE
The GAGE KEGG analysis does not assume expression is in one direction.
>[GAGE/KEGG.heart.ant1.signaling_or_metabolism_pathways.both.csv](GAGE/KEGG.heart.ant1.signaling_or_metabolism_pathways.both.csv)

>[GAGE/KEGG.muscle.ant1.signaling_or_metabolism_pathways.both.csv](GAGE/KEGG.muscle.ant1.signaling_or_metabolism_pathways.both.csv)


### TopGO Analysis
TopGO provides additional tools for exploring GO enrichment.
> [topGO.pdf](topGO.pdf)

### Using BigWig Tracks in UCSC Genome Browser
Go to [http://genome.ucsc.edu/cgi-bin/hgCustom](http://genome.ucsc.edu/cgi-bin/hgCustom), make sure mm10 is selected, and copy-paste one or more of these into the URL field.
> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_KO_1 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=141,211,199 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_002.R_2013_11_26_13_55_09_user_1PR-8-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_KO_2 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=255,255,179 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_004.R_2013_11_26_20_48_53_user_1PR-9-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_KO_3 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=190,186,218 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_006.R_2013_12_04_09_37_33_1PR-10-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome_76303.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_KO_4 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=251,128,114 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_008.R_2013_12_06_12_45_12_user_1PR-11-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_WT_1 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=128,177,211 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_001.R_2013_11_26_13_55_09_user_1PR-8-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_WT_2 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=253,180,98 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_003.R_2013_11_26_20_48_53_user_1PR-9-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_WT_3 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=179,222,105 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_005.R_2013_12_04_09_37_33_1PR-10-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome_76303.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=MUSCLE_WT_4 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=252,205,229 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_007.R_2013_12_06_12_45_12_user_1PR-11-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_KO_1 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=217,217,217 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_010.R_2013_12_19_16_11_21_user_1PR-13-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_KO_2 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=188,128,189 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_012.R_2013_12_18_20_25_40_user_1PR-12-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_KO_3 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=204,235,197 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_014.R_2013_12_20_12_50_23_user_1PR-14-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_KO_4 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=255,237,111 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_016.R_2013_12_21_20_34_59_user_1PR-15-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_WT_1 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=190,174,212 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_009.R_2013_12_19_16_11_21_user_1PR-13-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_WT_2 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=253,192,134 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_011.R_2013_12_18_20_25_40_user_1PR-12-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_WT_3 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=56,108,176 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_013.R_2013_12_20_12_50_23_user_1PR-14-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```

> ```track type=bigWig name=HEART_WT_4 db=mm10 smoothingWindow=4 color=191,91,23 autoScale=on viewLimits=1:200 visibility=full windowingFunction=maximum bigDataUrl={{ site.baseurl }}/tracks/IonXpressRNA_015.R_2013_12_21_20_34_59_user_1PR-15-RNA-Seq_whole_transcriptome.bw```


### Code repository
Code used to generate this analysis is located here [http://github.research.chop.edu/BiG/martin-ant1-rnaseq](http://github.research.chop.edu/BiG/martin-ant1-rnaseq). Feel free to reuse.

### Git hash
This should match the hash index on the last page of your report.
```9895106920549a12b27ea5ed073009a586bbdb4a```

Last modified ```2014-02-06 08:20:44```
